advanced options for luigi client docu (#2109)
SAP/luigi: docs/advanced-options-luigi-client.md

<!-- meta
{
  "node": {

>     "label": "Advanced Options",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "label": "Advanced configuration options",
```

    "category": {
      "label": "Luigi Client"
    },
    "metaData": {

>       "categoryPosition": 3,
>       "position": 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "categoryPosition": 4,
      "position": 2
```

    }
  }
}
meta -->

# Advanced configuration options

## Disable Luigi Core browser history handling

> By default Luigi Client navigation does not manipulate the browser history. Luigi Core handles the browser history by design. If there is a need to disable the history handling by Luigi Core you can add a attribute to the `head`-tag in the `index.html` of theLuigi Client micro frontend, like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Luigi Client navigation does not manipulate the browser history. Luigi Core handles the browser history by design. If there is a need to disable the history handling by Luigi Core, you can add an attribute to the `head`-tag in the `index.html` of the Luigi Client micro frontend. For example:
```
